Today I want to present you a small
video showing
as we have more precisely
Belarus, the company works wargaming and
how are things today
general accuracy of hitting projectiles with
penetration of projectiles with general mechanics and
working in this direction I am given
video
filmed pick up a piece that will show
you can see how it all happens on
the moment and what we need
straighten your arms like ours
tank community and doing work
better they so wash them
and or
and called out with these nasty words and so
it was my fight
I did not understand him at all yesterday patch 82
groups and want to introduce small you
see everything and so we go oranzh
opponents like strangers standard
times opponents
You can not say not very much like
always standard tactics extend this
this area see what I'm trying
Nadamazhit as much as possible
tanks that can inflict need more
harm well what we see is repentance to the left and
that I am valued 34
as so I do not understand further I am in c
or d 4 comt i think shoot him
get into those four we are here you
say maybe the projectile goes further
here now will be the most incomprehensible 2 of
the most incomprehensible cases of hitting
which in general is simply not like me
on the one hand make this video
look I was aiming in left his life on
54-ku shoot and how do you think and in whom
get into it like that he already be
how well I can not explain but I think
need goiter
ask developers to let them
explain it explains the owner whether you
how could I not get
goal of 50 foursome i think you too this
Interestingly, you can ask pretty
mosaic
and necessary questions on the forms
posting this video even link to it
video developers let them see
This is not a fake This is a real video that
place rubles
which i can if need be
share
you can watch it in principle
once again make sure that today
the day things are that way you
burned thanks for attention I think you
it is interesting to see it in the future
I will post more different such
funny cases not only of the world of tanks
on deyus you are interested in my channel thanks
for your attention